{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red52\green110\blue183;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1020\sa300

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 De_Tourism\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs30 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}David Leonard and Ben Hooker\
{\listtext	\'95	}MDP Fall 2013\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tuesday & Thursday 4:00-7:00, RM\
{\listtext	\'95	}Aaron Fooshee Technical Assistance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\b\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300
\cf2 Important links\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs30 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lmccart/AppropriatingInteractionTechnologies"}}{\fldrslt github repo}}\cf2  - Readme contains course information, repo also serves as a collection of scripts and tools for social hacking.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B9tyIRZ76JCdNzdlUHAtdlUtTFU&usp=sharing"}}{\fldrslt google drive}}\cf2  - Reading assignments and other docs.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://groups.google.com/group/appropriating-interaction-technologies/"}}{\fldrslt mailing list}}\cf2  - For course announcements and longer form discussions, feedback, questions.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/search?q=%23socialhacking&mode=realtime"}}{\fldrslt #detourism}}\cf2 - For submitting homework links, sharing shorter thoughts with public.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://kylemcdonald.net/itp/AppropriatingInteractionTechnologies/tweetscrape/"}}{\fldrslt #detourism}}\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\b\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300
\cf2 Course description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\slminimum320\sa220

\b0\fs30 \cf0 Bruce Sterling described Augmented Reality (AR) as \'93the collision of metaphysics and technology,\'94 but AR\'97defined as realtime video composite technology that\'a0overlays information, graphics and animation through displays\'97often remains the\'a0gimmick sibling to the even more trivialized virtual reality.\
Google glass and Oculus Rift style hardware combined with motion capture,\'a0face recognition, sensors, GPS, and other detection software could mean several\'a0possible futures for AR. This studio will focus on the assumption that AR will transition into a primary language of general computing.\
The studio will include workshops, readings, viewings, demos that will inspire\'a0student exploration leading the creation of an original AR application. The final\'a0output should expand the scope of AR to guide a user through a poetic, critical and\'a0psychological immersive experience.
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Technical requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300

\b0\fs30 \cf2 This course will meet twice a week the last 4 weeks of the semester. While programming will not be taught we will use various software and hardware platforms including camera's, computers, open-source software, etc. Students will be required to discuss technical methods as a sportive component of the conceptual. It is necessary that these projects be completed by the final crit day. technical perimeters for successful completion of the project must be sorted within the first part of the class so the remainder of the time can be spent honing the experience of the project.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300

\b\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa300
\cf2 Syllabus
\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300
\cf2 Week 1 (10/21): Point of View\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs30 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Assignment for first class. Prepare a video. Create a video recording from the first perspective. The point of view can be taken from the perspective of animate and inanimate objects. Consider the power of perspective. Whose eyes are we looking through? Feel free to include audio or to filter the video in any way you like. The rest of the class will be much more open ended. The projects will be self guided with he theme of augmented reality as a driver. This assignment is an exercise to consider an important feature of transmitting perspective. Imagine capturing experience as apposed to capturing moments. \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl500
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}GOPRO  \
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Lady In the Lake {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzdl-js_mQ4"}}{\fldrslt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzdl-js_mQ4}}\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Rope \
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}DOA  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fMDJ6pwSfo"}}{\fldrslt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fMDJ6pwSfo}}\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The Man With the Movie Camera \
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}C'\'e9tait un rendez-vous {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=2043762289244"}}{\fldrslt https://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=2043762289244}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sl500
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\sa300
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 	}